welcome to the man of recaps this is the
Walking Dead episode 12 it's a big
episode some huge moments happen so if
you don't want spoilers make sure you
watch it first we start right off at the
Battle of hilltop everything's on fire
this is a long epic scene if you like
sweet zombie battling you will not be
disappointed
terral's still using his epic
Morningstar it's super cool and maybe a
little impractical though our gang our
pro zombie killers they do an incredible
job here but there's just too many of
them
he'll top hats fall in all our main
characters survive and are making their
way to a rendezvous point Aldens got the
baby who's crying and Mary's like hey
let me hold it I know how to calm him
down
he was adamantly against Mary ever
holding the baby but babies crying are
super annoying he decides to let her try
so she gets to hold her nephew it's a
great moment for her unfortunately some
walkers show up so they've gotta hide in
this van Mary runs off to drop him away
and takes him all out but beta shows up
all stabs her he says you will walk with
us dead as a zombie Mary crabs his mask
and rips half of it off Oban is mad now
he slices her real good that mask was
his whole identity he never takes it off
and we know it's the same mask he's been
wearing since the beginning the face of
someone who was really close to him but
another whisperer immediately recognizes
him just from half a face he's like oh
man I thought your voice was familiar I
didn't realize it was you apparently
beta was a huge celebrity in the pre
zombie apocalypse world from a few
really small Easter eggs people found it
seems like he was a country singer so
that's the other reason beta it never
takes his mask off to hide his identity
and he does kill this guy to keep it
quiet he waits around for Mary to come
back as a zombie but oh she gets taken
out immediately Alden was waiting there
to to put her down a really nice
symbolic gesture so she'd never have to
walk with the whisperers again although
I sincerely hope he was aiming for beta
right now among the walker horde wait
that's not a zombie
it's Magne Magne and connie managed to
escape the cave by blending in with the
Horde they stuck together as much as
possible but eventually they were
separated Magne you may go have been
dating for a while now they had a huge
fight though right before the cave
incident now they make up though and
it's all good
Carolyn Eugene have a talk without
giving her any details he's like yeah I
had a date but I guess I'm gonna miss it
now okay I was like yo man don't let the
fall of hilltop get in the way a true
love you
to her king Ezekiel was in charge of
evacuating the kids to safety Judith is
doing some zombie killing of her own I
mean she's a pro at it but one of them
was a whisperer
she's never killed a living human before
it kind of traumatizes her Ezekiel lost
the kids though it's old blacksmith guy
who led him to safety he doesn't look so
good though and he's hammering a spike
through this table oh yeah he was bit
the fevers taken hold he's gotta kill
himself to protect the kids
Judith finds him though like hey that's
a crazy contraption you know you don't
have to do this right I've killed
hundreds of zombies I can just stab you
after you die but I guess because he's a
friend that would be even more
traumatizing for her doesn't want to put
her through it so yeah this dude bah
honestly it's probably just as
traumatizing for Judith to find him like
that
and it didn't even work anyway soon
enough the adults do meet up with the
kids and Daryl and Judith have a real
good cuddle moment the whisperers are on
cleanup duty bata sends negan to go
round up some new zombies I am at your
service frowning m''k two knives which
is not as intuitive as the whisperers
make it seemed negan gets frustrated
just takes him out but while he's out
here negan runs into Erin remember these
two had whole thing earlier this season
where Erin didn't trust negan but in the
end trusted him a little bit but now
seeing him in a whisper a mask after the
battle he's out for blood
luckily though some walkers show up and
Erin's got to defend this injured guy so
negan's able to slip away then negan
finds Lydia these two had a great
relationship back at Alexandria he was a
friend to her when everyone else was
shunning her and saved her life from
those douche bags but now he grabs her
because her mother alpha wants to kill
her negan's like hey alpha got a present
for you she's tied up in the shack over
here alpha is once again really pleased
and impressed with negan Nikken tries to
talk alpha out of kill him Lydia though
like hey I mean you still really love
your daughter why would you do that and
he can tell us the story of how his wife
Lucille died of cancer before the zombie
apocalypse even started that killed him
inside shut down all his emotions which
is why he was able to do so well in the
zombie apocalypse but alphas like
basically I'm crazy killing her is what
I've got to do to prove that I have no
emotions either
so negan leads alpha to the shed it's a
tense scene as Lydia's trying to escape
oh she gonna make it but what she's in a
different shed what's going on here oh
snap negan kills alpha sliced her throat
right up kisses her on the way to the
ground
widen Egan do it seems like to protect
Lydia and to protect the world at large
from alpha who's clearly too crazy to
live but there's more to it than that
he throws alphas head at someone's feet
what it's Carol who says long enough oh
snap mystery solved it must have been
Carol who let negan out originally with
the secret mission to infiltrate the
whisperers and assassinate alpha and
that's how episode 12 comes to an end
hit that subscribe button for more of
the best recaps of TV and movies and
click the join button to support the
channel and be a recap champion